Assignment name  : mini_serv
Expected files   : mini_serv.c
Allowed functions: 
write, close, 
select, poll, socket, accept, listen, send, recv, bind, 
strstr, malloc, realloc, free, calloc, 
bzero, atoi, sprintf, strlen, exit, 
strcpy, strcat, memset, htons, htonl
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Write a program that listens for clients to connect on a specific port on 127.0.0.1 and allows clients to communicate with each other.

This program takes the port to bind to as its first argument.
If no argument is provided, it should write in stderr "Wrong number of arguments" followed by a \n and exit with status 1

If a system call returns an error before the program starts accepting connections, it should write to stderr "Fatal error" followed by a \n and exit with status 1
If memory allocation fails, it should write to stderr "Fatal error" followed by a \n and exit with status 1.

Your program must be non-blocking, but clients may be unresponsive, and if they do not read your message, you must NOT disconnect them.

Your program must not contain #define preproccessor directives.
Your program must listen only on the local IP address 127.0.0.1
The fd that you will receive using 'accept' will already be set to make 'recv' or 'send' block if 'select' or 'poll' hasn't been called before calling them, but will not block otherwise. 

When a client connects to the server:
- The client will be assigned an id. The first client will receive the id 0 and each new client will receive the last client's id + 1.
- The server sends a message to all already connected cients: "server: client %d just arrived\n", using the previously mentioned id.


Clients must be able to send messages to your program:
- Messages will consist only of printable characters, so there is no need to check.
- A single message can contain multiple '\n'.
- When the server receives a message, it must resend it to all other clients with "client %d: " prefixed to every line.

When a client disconnects from the server:
- The server sends a message to all remaining connected clients: "server: client %d just left\n".

Memory or fd leaks are prohibited.

To assist you, you will find the file main.c containing the beginnings of a server and possibly some useful functions (note that this file uses prohibited functions or displays things that must not be present in your final program).

Warning: our tester expects you to send the messages as quickly as possible. Avoid unnecessary buffering.

The evaluation process may take longer than usual...

Hint: You can use nc to test your program.
Hint: You should use nc to test your program.
Hint: To test, you can use fcntl(fd, F_SETFL, O_NONBLOCK) but use select or poll and NEVER check EAGAIN (man 2 send)